Add resource constraints and oldSelf context into validation rule (#32425)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/extend-kubernetes/custom-resources/custom-resource-definitions.md

The Rule is scoped to the location of the `x-kubernetes-validations` extension in the schema.
And `self` variable in the CEL expression is bound to the scoped value.

> Note all the validation rules are scoped to the current object, no cross-object or stateful validation rules are supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All validation rules are scoped to the current object: no cross-object or stateful validation rules are supported.
```
I wouldn't use a note callout here, nor the text “note”.

applied, e.g. "*path*: update rule *rule* cannot be set on schema because the schema or its parent
schema is not mergeable".

Transition rules are only allowed on "correlatable" portions of a schema.
A portion of the schema is correlatable if all `array` parent schemas are of type `x-kubernetes-list-type=map`; any `set`or `atomic`array parent schemas make it impossible to unambiguously correlate a `self` with `oldSelf`.

##### Use Cases

| Use Case                                                          | Rule
| --------                                                          | --------
| Immutability                                                      | `self.foo == oldSelf.foo`
| Prevent modification/removal once assigned                        | `oldSelf != 'bar' \|\| self == 'bar'` or `!has(oldSelf.field) \|\| has(self.field)`
| Append-only set                                                   | `self.all(element, element in oldSelf)`
| If previous value was X, new value can only be A or B, not Y or Z | `oldSelf != 'X' \|\| self in ['A', 'B']`
| Nondecreasing counters                                            | `self >= oldSelf`

#### Resource Constraints

> Resource consumption of CEL expressions is checked at CustomResourceDefinition apply time. If an expression is

Reviewer 2: "apply time" might be confusing for developers using create and update instead of apply.

estimated to be prohibitively expensive to execute, it will result in a validation error. A similar 
system is used at runtime that observes the actions the CEL interpreter takes. If the interpreter executes
too many instructions, execution of the expression will be halted, and an error will result.
Each CustomResourceDefinition is also allowed a certain amount of resources to finish executing all of 
its CEL expressions. If the sum total of its expressions are estimated at apply time to go over that limit, 
then a validation error will also occur.

It is considered best practice to put a limit via `maxItems`, `maxProperties`, and `maxLength` for anything

> that will be processed in a CEL rule in order to prevent validation errors during cost estimation. For 

Reviewer 2: "processed in a CEL rule" may be min-interpreted here to mean that the max limits are only needed for the data passed to CEL. But max limits of the parent schemas also matter.

example, given this schema with one rule:

```yaml
openAPIV3Schema:
  type: object
  properties:
    foo:
      type: array
      items:
          type: string

>       x-kubernetes-validations:

Author: still see indentation issue here?

        - rule: "self.all(x, x.contains('a string'))"
```

The cost system will not allow this rule. Without limits being set, the estimated cost of this rule will
exceed the per-expression cost limit. But if we add limits in the appropriate places, the rule will be allowed:

```yaml
openAPIV3Schema:
  type: object
  properties:
    foo:
      type: array
      maxItems: 25
      items:
        type: string
        maxLength: 10

>       x-kubernetes-validations:

Author: indentation?

        - rule: "self.all(x, x.contains('a string'))"
```

The cost estimation system takes into account how many times the rule will be executed in addition to the

> data that the rule is working with. For instance, the following rule will have the same estimated cost as the

Reviewer 2: Instead of "data that the rule is working with", maybe "estimated cost of the rule itself"?

The relationship should between data traversals in a rule and estimated cost should be covered prior to this section (is that sufficiently explained?)

previous example (despite the rule now being defined on the individual array items):

```yaml
openAPIV3Schema:
  type: object
  properties:
    foo:
      type: array
      maxItems: 25
      items:
        type: string
        x-kubernetes-validations:
          - rule: "self.contains('a string'))"
        maxLength: 10
```

If a list inside of a list has a CEL expression that uses `self.all`, that is significantly more expensive 
than a non-nested list with the same expression. A rule that would have been allowed on a non-nested list might need lower limits set on both nested lists in order to be allowed. Nested traversals on the same

> list (i.e, nesting calls to `self.all` or similar) should be avoided where possible for similar reasons. 

Reviewer 2: I still feel like this difficult to read.

> In general, both systems will allow expressions that do not need to iterate; these expressions will

Reviewer 2: s/expressions/rules?  Best to pick a single term and use it uniformly. (this suggestion applies to this entire PR).

always take the same amount of time regardless of how large their input is. `self.foo == 1` will be allowed.
But if `foo` is a string and we instead have `self.foo.contains("someString")`, our expression will take 
longer to execute depending on how long `foo` is. Another example would be if `foo` was an array, and we
had an expression `self.foo.all(x, x > 5)`. The cost system will always assume the worst-case scenario if
a limit on the length of `foo` is not given, and this will happen for anything that can be iterated

> over (lists, maps, etc.)

Reviewer 2: This feels like a really late place in the docs to explain that cost is proportional to the amount of data traversed.  As a concept, it seems useful to know when reading much of the documentation that comes before this.

xref: [CEL types](https://github.com/google/cel-spec/blob/v0.6.0/doc/langdef.md#values), [OpenAPI
types](https://swagger.io/specification/#data-types), [Kubernetes Structural Schemas](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/extend-kubernetes/custom-resources/custom-resource-definitions/#specifying-a-structural-schema).

#### Function Library

Functions available include:
  - CEL standard functions, defined in the[list of standard definitions](https://github.com/google/cel-spec/blob/v0.7.0/doc/langdef.md#list-of-standard-definitions)
  - CEL standard [macros](https://github.com/google/cel-spec/blob/v0.7.0/doc/langdef.md#macros)
  - CEL [extended string function library](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/google/cel-go@v0.11.2/ext#Strings)

>   - Kubernetes [CEL extension library](https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/apiextensions-apiserver@v0.24.0-alpha.4/pkg/apiserver/schema/cel/library#pkg-functions)

Reviewer: Is `v0.24.0-alpha.4` the right version to hyperlink to?

(there's a wider question of how we find a way to link to the right version of a package and keep that current with each Kubernetes release; the best approach for now is that each SIG is responsible for docs updates to any links to packages that the SIG maintains).

Author: We plan to update the link to the formal release version after 1.24 were cut. Thanks for the reminder

Author: Sorry for my previous confusion. I have updated the link which will be available with 1.24 release

> #### Transition Rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Transition rules
```

A rule that contains an expression referencing the identifier `oldSelf` is implicitly considered a

> "transition rule". Transition rules allow schema authors to prevent certain transitions between two

Reviewer: style nit:
```suggestion
_transition rule_. Transition rules allow schema authors to prevent certain transitions between two
```

  message: cannot transition directly between 'low' and 'high'
```

Unlike other rules, transition rules apply only to operations meeting the following criteria:

- The operation updates an existing object. Transition rules never apply to create operations.

- Both an old and a new value exist. It remains possible to check if a value has been added or
  removed by placing a transition rule on the parent node. Transition rules are never applied to
  custom resource creation. When placed on an optional field, a transition rule will not apply to
  update operations that set or unset the field.

- The path to the schema node being validated by a transition rule must resolve to a node that is
  comparable between the old object and the new object. For example, list items and their
  descendants (`spec.foo[10].bar`) can't necessarily be correlated between an existing object and a
  later update to the same object.

Errors will be generated on CRD writes if a schema node contains a transition rule that can never be
applied, e.g. "*path*: update rule *rule* cannot be set on schema because the schema or its parent
schema is not mergeable".

> Transition rules are only allowed on "correlatable" portions of a schema.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Transition rules are only allowed on _correlatable portions_ of a schema.
```

A portion of the schema is correlatable if all `array` parent schemas are of type `x-kubernetes-list-type=map`; any `set`or `atomic`array parent schemas make it impossible to unambiguously correlate a `self` with `oldSelf`.

##### Use Cases

| Use Case                                                          | Rule
| --------                                                          | --------
| Immutability                                                      | `self.foo == oldSelf.foo`
| Prevent modification/removal once assigned                        | `oldSelf != 'bar' \|\| self == 'bar'` or `!has(oldSelf.field) \|\| has(self.field)`
| Append-only set                                                   | `self.all(element, element in oldSelf)`
| If previous value was X, new value can only be A or B, not Y or Z | `oldSelf != 'X' \|\| self in ['A', 'B']`

> | Nondecreasing counters                                            | `self >= oldSelf`

Reviewer: Are these actually examples? If so, I would use “Validation rule examples” as the heading here.

If you can, add a [table caption](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/hugo-shortcodes/#table-captions) which can help with accessibility.

> #### Resource Constraints

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Resource use by validation functions
```

> Resource consumption of validation rules is checked at CustomResourceDefinition creation and update time. If a rule is estimated to be prohibitively expensive to execute, it will result in a validation error. A similar 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you create or update a CustomResourceDefinition that uses validation rules,
the API server checks the likely impact of running those validation rules. If a rule is
estimated to be prohibitively expensive to execute, the API server rejects the create
or update operation, and returns an error message.
A similar
```

system is used at runtime that observes the actions the interpreter takes. If the interpreter executes
too many instructions, execution of the rule will be halted, and an error will result.
Each CustomResourceDefinition is also allowed a certain amount of resources to finish executing all of 
its validation rules. If the sum total of its rules are estimated at creation time to go over that limit, 
then a validation error will also occur.

> In general, both systems will allow rules that do not need to iterate; these rules will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are unlikely to encounter issues with the resource budget for validation if you only
specify rules that
```

> always take the same amount of time regardless of how large their input is. `self.foo == 1` will be allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
always take the same amount of time regardless of how large their input is.
For example, a rule that asserts that `self.foo == 1` does not by itself have any
risk of rejection on validation resource budget groups.
```

> But if `foo` is a string and we instead have `self.foo.contains("someString")`, our rule will take 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But if `foo` is a string and you define a validation rule `self.foo.contains("someString")`, that rule takes
```

> longer to execute depending on how long `foo` is. Another example would be if `foo` was an array, and we
> had a rule `self.foo.all(x, x > 5)`. The cost system will always assume the worst-case scenario if

Reviewer: ```suggestion
longer to execute depending on how long `foo` is. Another example would be if `foo` were an array,
and you specified a validation rule `self.foo.all(x, x > 5)`. The cost system always assumes the worst-case scenario if
```

a limit on the length of `foo` is not given, and this will happen for anything that can be iterated
over (lists, maps, etc.).

Because of this, it is considered best practice to put a limit via `maxItems`, `maxProperties`, and 
`maxLength` for anything that will be processed in a validation rule in order to prevent validation errors during cost estimation. For example, given this schema with one rule:

```yaml
openAPIV3Schema:
  type: object
  properties:
    foo:
      type: array
      items:
        type: string
      x-kubernetes-validations:
        - rule: "self.all(x, x.contains('a string'))"
```

> The cost system will not allow this rule. Using `self.all` means calling `contains` on every string in `foo`,

Reviewer: ````suggestion
then the API server rejects this rule on validation budget grounds.
The rejection happens because `self.all` implies calling `contains()` on every string in `foo`,
```

which in turn will check the given string to see if it contains `'a string'`. Without limits, this is a very
expensive rule: 

```
 spec.validation.openAPIV3Schema.properties[spec].properties[foo].x-kubernetes-validations[0].rule: Forbidden: 
 CEL rule exceeded budget by more than 100x (try simplifying the rule, or adding maxItems, maxProperties, and 

>  maxLength where arrays, maps, and strings are used)

Reviewer: Where would a reader see this text? It's not stated.

Author: I  have moved it upper to state it is an err returned back

```

> Without limits being set, the estimated cost of this rule will exceed the per-rule cost limit. But if we 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not specify any validation limit, the estimated cost of this rule will exceed the per-rule cost limit. But if you 
```

applied, e.g. "*path*: update rule *rule* cannot be set on schema because the schema or its parent
schema is not mergeable".

Transition rules are only allowed on "correlatable" portions of a schema.
A portion of the schema is correlatable if all `array` parent schemas are of type `x-kubernetes-list-type=map`; any `set`or `atomic`array parent schemas make it impossible to unambiguously correlate a `self` with `oldSelf`.

##### Use Cases

| Use Case                                                          | Rule
| --------                                                          | --------
| Immutability                                                      | `self.foo == oldSelf.foo`
| Prevent modification/removal once assigned                        | `oldSelf != 'bar' \|\| self == 'bar'` or `!has(oldSelf.field) \|\| has(self.field)`
| Append-only set                                                   | `self.all(element, element in oldSelf)`
| If previous value was X, new value can only be A or B, not Y or Z | `oldSelf != 'X' \|\| self in ['A', 'B']`
| Nondecreasing counters                                            | `self >= oldSelf`

#### Resource Constraints

> Resource consumption of CEL rules is checked at CustomResourceDefinition creation time. If a rule is

Author: Previously we were trying to avoid using CEL since it should be hidden from end user. Maybe it would make more sense to use `validation rules` like what used above.

Author: It applies to all the following. Replace `CEL rules` with `validation rules` to align with the previous context.

> Resource consumption of CEL rules is checked at CustomResourceDefinition creation time. If a rule is

Reviewer 2: Update time too, right?

xref: [CEL types](https://github.com/google/cel-spec/blob/v0.6.0/doc/langdef.md#values), [OpenAPI
types](https://swagger.io/specification/#data-types), [Kubernetes Structural Schemas](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/extend-kubernetes/custom-resources/custom-resource-definitions/#specifying-a-structural-schema).

#### Validation functions {#available-validation-functions}

Functions available include:

>   - CEL standard functions, defined in the[list of standard definitions](https://github.com/google/cel-spec/blob/v0.7.0/doc/langdef.md#list-of-standard-definitions)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - CEL standard functions, defined in the [list of standard definitions](https://github.com/google/cel-spec/blob/v0.7.0/doc/langdef.md#list-of-standard-definitions)
```

applied, e.g. "*path*: update rule *rule* cannot be set on schema because the schema or its parent
schema is not mergeable".

Transition rules are only allowed on _correlatable portions_ of a schema.
A portion of the schema is correlatable if all `array` parent schemas are of type `x-kubernetes-list-type=map`; any `set`or `atomic`array parent schemas make it impossible to unambiguously correlate a `self` with `oldSelf`.

Here are some examples for transition rules:

{{< table caption="Transition rules examples" >}}
| Use Case                                                          | Rule
| --------                                                          | --------
| Immutability                                                      | `self.foo == oldSelf.foo`
| Prevent modification/removal once assigned                        | `oldSelf != 'bar' \|\| self == 'bar'` or `!has(oldSelf.field) \|\| has(self.field)`
| Append-only set                                                   | `self.all(element, element in oldSelf)`
| If previous value was X, new value can only be A or B, not Y or Z | `oldSelf != 'X' \|\| self in ['A', 'B']`

> | Nondecreasing counters                                            | `self >= oldSelf`

Reviewer: There is a specific term in computer science and mathematics for a value that either does not change or changes only in one direction: “monotonic”.

```suggestion
| Monotonic (non-decreasing) counter                                | `self >= oldSelf`
```

xref: [CEL types](https://github.com/google/cel-spec/blob/v0.6.0/doc/langdef.md#values), [OpenAPI
types](https://swagger.io/specification/#data-types), [Kubernetes Structural Schemas](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/extend-kubernetes/custom-resources/custom-resource-definitions/#specifying-a-structural-schema).

Here is the function library available:
  - CEL standard functions, defined in the[list of standard definitions](https://github.com/google/cel-spec/blob/v0.7.0/doc/langdef.md#list-of-standard-definitions)
  - CEL standard [macros](https://github.com/google/cel-spec/blob/v0.7.0/doc/langdef.md#macros)
  - CEL [extended string function library](https://github.com/google/cel-go/blob/v0.7.0/ext/strings.go)

>   - Kubernetes CEL extension library

Reviewer 2: Link to the source godoc here like done for extended string function library?

| Append-only set                                                   | `self.all(element, element in oldSelf)`
| If previous value was X, new value can only be A or B, not Y or Z | `oldSelf != 'X' \|\| self in ['A', 'B']`
| Nondecreasing counters                                            | `self >= oldSelf`

#### Resource Constraints

CEL expressions have the potential to consume unacceptable amounts of API server resources. We constrain the resource utilization in following ways:
- Validation of CEL expression's "cost" when a CEL expression is written to a field in a CRD (at CRD creation/update time)
- Runtime cost budget during CEL evaluation
  - CEL validation might fail due to runtime cost budget exceed with error message `validation failed due to running out of cost budget, no further validation rules will be run`
  - CEL validation might fail due to cost limit exceed per expression with message `operation cancelled: actual cost limit exceeded: no further validation rules will be run due to call cost exceeds limit for rule:{$rule}`
- Go context cancellation to bound CEL expression evaluation to the request lifetime

> For the limit in place:

Reviewer 2: Maybe title this something like "Guidelines for working with estimated limits:" ?

> - O(n) - For simple rules, you can sometimes get away with iterating across a single map/list/string without a limit, but adding limits on all data accessed by CEL rules is the best practice

Reviewer 2: Lead with "adding MaxItems, MaxProperties and MaxLength limits on all data accessed by CEL rules is the best practice"?  (I know, I originally wrote it this way..).

xref: [CEL types](https://github.com/google/cel-spec/blob/v0.6.0/doc/langdef.md#values), [OpenAPI
types](https://swagger.io/specification/#data-types), [Kubernetes Structural Schemas](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/extend-kubernetes/custom-resources/custom-resource-definitions/#specifying-a-structural-schema).

#### Function Library

> Here is the function library available:

Reviewer 2: "Functions available include:" ?

  - Kubernetes [CEL extension library](https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/apiextensions-apiserver@v0.24.0-alpha.4/pkg/apiserver/schema/cel/library#pkg-functions)

#### Transition Rules

A rule that contains an expression referencing the identifier `oldSelf` is implicitly considered a
"transition rule". Transition rules allow schema authors to prevent certain transitions between two
otherwise valid states. For example:

```yaml
type: string
enum: ["low", "medium", "high"]
x-kubernetes-validations:
- rule: "!(self == 'high' && oldSelf == 'low') && !(self == 'low' && oldSelf == 'high')"
  message: cannot transition directly between 'low' and 'high'
```

Errors will be generated on CRD writes if a schema node contains a transition rule that can never be
applied, e.g. "*path*: update rule *rule* cannot be set on schema because the schema or its parent
schema is not mergeable".

Transition rules are only allowed on "correlatable" portions of a schema. 
A portion of the schema is correlatable if all `array` parent schemas are of type `x-kubernetes-list-type=map`; any `set`or `atomic`array parent schemas make it impossible to unambiguously correlate a `self` with `oldSelf`.

> 

Reviewer 2: We need to include an explanation of when transition rules are run. The relevant section of the KEP is:

"Both an old and a new value exist. It remains possible to check if a value has been added or removed by placing a transition rule on the parent node. Transition rules are never applied to custom resource creation. When placed on an optional field, a transition rule will not apply to update operations that set or unset the field."

| Append-only set                                                   | `self.all(element, element in oldSelf)`
| If previous value was X, new value can only be A or B, not Y or Z | `oldSelf != 'X' \|\| self in ['A', 'B']`
| Nondecreasing counters                                            | `self >= oldSelf`

#### Resource Constraints

CEL expressions have the potential to consume unacceptable amounts of API server resources. We constrain the resource utilization in following ways:
- Validation of CEL expression's "cost" when a CEL expression is written to a field in a CRD (at CRD creation/update time)
- Runtime cost budget during CEL evaluation
  - CEL validation might fail due to runtime cost budget exceed with error message `validation failed due to running out of cost budget, no further validation rules will be run`
  - CEL validation might fail due to cost limit exceed per expression with message `operation cancelled: actual cost limit exceeded: no further validation rules will be run due to call cost exceeds limit for rule:{$rule}`
- Go context cancellation to bound CEL expression evaluation to the request lifetime

Guidelines for working with estimated limits:

> - Adding MaxItems, MaxProperties and MaxLength limits on all data accessed by CEL rules is the best practice.

Author: cc @DangerOnTheRanger Would you mind to address it in your next commit?

- O(n) - For simple rules, you can sometimes get away with iterating across a single map/list/string without a limit, but adding limits on all data accessed by CEL rules is the best practice
- O(n^2)+ the product of the max lengths usually needs to be <1,000,000.  E.g. 1000 for 2 levels of nesting, 100 for 3 levels of nesting

> - O(n^3) - should generally be avoided

Author: Similar comment raised above. @DangerOnTheRanger will address it in the coming commit

> Remember the big-O of a rule takes into account how many times the rule will be executed in addition to

Author: Directly start on explaining big-O might be confusing to the end user. I would suggest to either add more background on it or hide the details from end user. Might be worth to address what user should expect about the limit of their object and how they should be avoiding exceeding limit.

> Remember the big-O of a rule takes into account how many times the rule will be executed in addition to

Author: cc @DangerOnTheRanger Would you mind to rephrase it in your next commit?

#### Resource Constraints

> Resource consumption of CEL expressions is limited at compile time by static analysis. If an expression is

Reviewer 2: It may not be obvious to readers what "static analysis" means here. Explain in terms of the CRD operations that trigger the cost check?

> estimated to be prohibitively expensive to execute, it will not be allowed; attempting to apply a CRD 

Reviewer 2: Explain how will it "not be allowed" ?  (the prior content that explained that is was a validation error seemed helpful)

Reviewer 2: nit: expand CRD acronym in docs

containing an expression that is estimated to be too expensive will result in a validation error. A similar 
system is used at runtime that observes the actions the CEL interpreter takes. If the interpreter executes
too many instructions, execution of the expression will be halted, and an error will result.

> In general, both systems will allow expressions that run in constant/O(1) time; these expressions will

Reviewer 2: This documentation should cover the per-expression vs. per-CRD estimated limit concepts

always take the same amount of time regardless of how large their input is. `self.foo == 1` will be allowed.
But if `foo` is a string and we instead have `self.foo.contains("someString")`, our expression will take 
longer to execute depending on how long `foo` is. Another example would be if `foo` was an array, and we
had an expression `self.foo.all(x, x > 5)`. The cost system will always assume the worst-case scenario if
a limit on the length of `foo` is not given, and this will happen for anything that can be iterated
over (lists, maps, etc.). Because of this, it is best to put a limit via `maxItems`, `maxProperties`, and 

> `maxLength` for anything that will be processed in a CEL rule.

Reviewer 2: Start paragraph with recommendation to use max limits and then explain why? It might help motivate the explanation.

Author: `Guidelines for working with estimated limits` might be useful to add back with more end-user friendly wording

For example, given this schema with one rule:

```yaml
openAPIV3Schema:
        type: object
        properties:
          foo:
            type: array
            items:

>               type: string

Reviewer 2: `self.contains('a string')` would have the same cost as the below rule on the entire array, right?  Maybe use as an example to explain how the cost system accounts for all available information (and that you can't "trick" it by moving where the rule is defined)?

            x-kubernetes-validations:

>               - rule: "self.all(x, x.contains('a string')"

Reviewer 2: nit: indentation

```

> The cost system will not allow this rule. Both `foo` and its string items are unbounded in size. If we add

Reviewer 2: Instead of "Both `foo` and its string items are unbounded in size." , maybe explain that without max limits, that the computed estimated cost will exceed the max allowed estimated cost?

limits in the appropriate places, the rule will be allowed:

```yaml
openAPIV3Schema:
        type: object
        properties:
          foo:
            type: array
            maxItems: 25
            items:
              type: string
              maxLength: 10
            x-kubernetes-validations:

>               - rule: "self.all(x, x.contains('a string')"

Reviewer 2: nit: indentation

```

The cost estimation system takes into account how many times the rule will be executed in addition to the
data that the rule is working with. If a list inside of a list has a CEL expression that uses `self.all`,
that is significantly more expensive than a non-nested list with the same expression. A rule that would
have been allowed on a non-nested list might need lower limits set on both nested lists in order to be allowed.
Nested traversals on the same list (i.e, nesting calls to `self.all` or similar) should be avoided

> where possible for similar reasons. 

Reviewer 2: 1st sentience is very helpful.

I found the subsequent sentences less straight-forward to follow.  Is there a simpler way of saying this? What are the key ideas here?

Reviewer 3: I think the key takeaway should be that outer lists/maps should be taken into account when setting up cost limits. Maybe keeping the 1st sentence and replacing the rest with an example would be better?
